hey what's going on guys this frosty
morning and i'm bringing you guys
another informational video on halo 4
now in this video i'm gonna be showing
you a very useful spot that I think you
guys will be using to your advantage on
multiple game modes now this spot is on
the map complex is a fairly large map
and is often played king of the hill
capture the flag and objective game
modes now what you basically want to do
at the start of the games you want to
get the ball back to this building where
Reds the red team actually spawns now
once you get the ball here you're going
to want to make sure nobody's around so
as you see in the gameplay here I'm just
trying to get the ball back from them
which I eventually do and you want you
want at least two people our one other
person that you know on your team so you
can communicate with them because in
this in this spot the enemy team can
actually get in there fairly easy now
once you're in this spot you cannot be
killed you cannot be shot at and you
know it's very hard to get you out of it
unless they physically go in there to
kill you so it's very useful I mean
there's no way that you could possibly
lose the game unless somebody who's not
very smart or bright is actually holding
the ball so you know basically you
wouldn't get into this building over
here where red team spawns like I said
you wouldn't get some people guarding
you and you want to basically look where
I look going to make sure nobody's
watching you and you want to jump into
this area above the door now once you're
in this area above the door nobody can
see you but you can see them of course
there's a kill thing above your head but
they cannot do anything about it they
cannot dogra nades they cannot shoot
through that little area that you jumped
through the only way that they can
physically get to you to kill you is if
they actually jump in there and the ball
is insta-kill so no matter what they
have even if they have a sword you can
easily kill them as soon as they get
into that area so you know its roster
you born guys hope you guys use this to
your advantage hope this actually helped
you guys a lot it's very useful on
oddball and mainly only oddball it's not
usual and Slayer capture the flag so you
know let your friends know
you know try this out eventually it will
be patched so I'll let you guys know
when this glitch is actually patched and
it's going to most likely be soon so use
it to your advantage while last frost
you born out peace and I approve this
message bye